[ADD] Subscription: Created new page 'Subscriptions and payments' (#14955)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/automatic_payments.rst

====================================
Subscriptions and automatic payments
====================================

By default, the **Subscriptions** app will automatically generate quotations and invoices for
customers, but it can also support automatic payments. Setting up automatic payments requires
additional configuration, including choosing an automatic payment provider and either setting up a
customer portal or an eCommerce website. Here's an overview of how to get started.

Choosing an automatic payment provider
======================================

Setting up automatic recurring payments requires using a payment provider that supports
:ref:`tokenization <payment_providers/tokenization>`, which lets customers save their payment
details with a chosen provider. The following payment providers support tokenization:

- Adyen
- Authorize.net
- Flutterwave
- Razorpay
- Stripe
- Worldline

> - Xendit

Reviewer: Are there pages that go into step-by-step detail for how to set up these payment providers? if so, can we do a doc link reference? (:

Setting up a payment processor that supports automatic payments
===============================================================

Setting up automatic recurring payments requires using a payment provider that supports
tokenization. Tokenization lets customers save their payment details, such as credit card or banking
account information, for automatic billing. The following payment providers support tokenization:

- :doc:`Adyen <../../finance/payment_providers/adyen>`
- :doc:`Authorize.net <../../finance/payment_providers/authorize>`
- :doc:`Flutterwave <../../finance/payment_providers/flutterwave>`
- :doc:`Razorpay <../../finance/payment_providers/razorpay>`
- :doc:`Stripe <../../finance/payment_providers/stripe>`
- :doc:`Xendit <../../finance/payment_providers/xendit>`

Here are the steps to setting up automatic payments.

 1. Choose a payment provider that supports tokenization.
 2. Follow the provider's own setup guide to create an account and begin configuring their API
    credentials in Odoo.
 3. :ref:`Enable <payment_providers/add_new>` the payment provider.
 4. :ref:`Configure the payment methods <payment_providers/payment_methods>` for the chosen payment
    provider.

>  5. :ref:`Configure the tokenization <payment_providers/tokenization>` for the chosen payment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Choose a payment provider that supports tokenization.
#. Follow the provider's own setup guide to create an account and begin configuring their API
    credentials in Odoo.
#. :ref:`Enable <payment_providers/add_new>` the payment provider.
#. :ref:`Configure the payment methods <payment_providers/payment_methods>` for the chosen payment
    provider.
#. :ref:`Configure the tokenization <payment_providers/tokenization>` for the chosen payment
```

we format numbered lists this way (super minor change), and a funny little blank space sneaked in there (:
